hey Richmond this one's in our last true
home basketball game of the season yeah
that's right we're playing George
Washington University and to celebrate
one lucky fan will get a chance of shoot
hoops for 50 grand 50 grand to that
sounds awesome he'll out what you do
with 50 grand well if I want I would
I
you'll be in four MVPs and I'll do my
last visit like you said like they're
pregnant about the hatch shut this how
that's when these privacy get on what
where do I have the misfortune of
finding myself in welcome to the Rob the
rom the Rob is that short for redcoats
you British scum calm down calm down
it's just a basketball arena actually
you wanna play some pickup I mean you're
wearing Nikes anyway where'd you get
them from uh obtain these shoes from a
young man named McHale Jordan I found
while traveling through time you can
take him Nick you can bet your britches
that I will whip you in the silly
contest all right show us what you got
there and how shall we begin this
contest your ball
hey
I
but you pass through
I got the bomb i cut my legs out before
I learning process replay babe I don't
know where he you're looking a little
pudgy there George what's have you that
I guess paper currency within more
elderly percentage of myself
yeah sure sure no man i know right I'll
see you Wednesday yeah let's go spiders
those spiders
you
could you possibly exchange this ten
dollar note with this ghastly Hamilton
fellow for ten one-dollar bills sure
yeah Thank You Man a fine portrait
wouldn't you say yeah would you do you
see the resemblance I do very good thank
you